-The 21st century is a period of rapid technological growth. Mobile phones morphed into the pocket personal computer. Internet connection unites professionals all over the world, so they can work remotely. Machine learning and virtual reality monopolized the entertainment world. Modern medical equipment helps patients to recover from incurable diseases. This list can be continued with hundreds of new inventions that already exist. But what innovations wait for people in the future? A private essay writer https://essaypro.com/custom-essay-writers.htm found technology projects which could make a revolution in the technology world. 

Predictions for the most exciting inventions up to the 2100 year.  

The first innovation that comes to mind is creating floating cities named Oceanix City. It is well known that the seacoasts would drown if all the Ice melted. So, scientists started looking for the solution, and Oceanix City became the best one. This decision was supported by the UN. But as BBC.com stated, the project faced a lack of funding and psychological issues when people feel secluded on such a floating island. Scientists believe people will change their minds within 20 years and start to put their money into this project. 
Another cool invention that can be realized in the future is flying cars. Yes, futurists predict this innovation for many years, but some companies like Terrafugia has already made a breakthrough in this area. The company plan to run for sale Terrafugia Transition flying car this year. The approximate price for flying miracle reached $279 000. Customers should wait for lowing prices a bit. 
The third prediction of the 20th-century futurists also came true. More and more companies provide space tourism. It becomes cheaper with years and available to the average buyer. Of course, it still costs $250,000, but the price is falling. Unusual that the first space tourist Dennis Tito paid $20m for the ticket in 2001. Virgin Galactic Orbit, SpaceX, and Blue Origin are the most popular companies that sell tickets for space tourists. Jeff Bezos, the founder of Blue Origin, hopes to make flights possible this year. 
The fourth unusual prediction for the future lies in weather control. Business Insider reported that scientists are racing to develop technologies that will actually change the weather. The preliminary test helped to increase clouding and snowfall by 5-15% in Wyoming. Moreover, the European company, Oliver's Travels, offers its clients to prevent rain by cloud-bursting just for $100,000. 
The fifth innovation lies in immortal intelligent humans. According to Ray Kurzweil, an American inventor, it could be possible thanks to DNA and robotic engineering until 2030. He did not mention the price of immortality now, but people can wait, it is not a problem. 

Future closer than we think: devices that already being developed.
No one would argue that Hyperloop is the most popular today. Elon Musk supported the idea of long envisioned ways to travel at high speeds through low-pressure tubes. Hyperloop is going to speed up to 170 m/s. The inventor started realizing Hyperloop since 2012. Now engineers work on laying the path for the train all over the world. Hyperloop One still gets investments, and they raised more than $295 million for today. 
Another crazy idea that is already developed is dousing flames with low-frequency sound waves. The device firstly appeared in 2015 but has not spread over the globe yet. According to Physicsworld.com, the tool was created by two engineering students in the US Tran and Robertson. They proved it is a non-destructive method of fire control, which can douse small fires at home or predict big forest fires. The device development costs $600 only. 
One more incredible innovation is Carbon dioxide catcher. Bill Gates shared with Technologyreview.com that the Catcher has to become the world-changing device. The principle operation of this method lies in capturing carbon dioxide from the air and sell it to Carbon Engineering. This company plans to ramp up the production of synthetic fuels, using the captured carbon dioxide as a critical ingredient. 
Summing up, humanity lives in a high-tech world. All the innovations mentioned above show us why technology is good. Scientists invented super high-speed trains, cheap sound fire extinguisher, carbon dioxide catcher, and many other things which will make people live more comfortable. Looking at future predictions makes people believe that scientists will continue technological development and invent many more breathtaking devices.
